Welcome to the course
of hardware security,
a part of the Coursera Cyber Security
specialization.
My name is Gong Chu.
I'm a professor at the University
of Maryland College Park, and
I'm the Director of Maryland's Embedded
Systems and Hardware Security lab.
This cybersecurity specialization
consists of four lecturing courses,
taught by University of
Maryland faculty members.
The usable security by Jen Golbeck,
the software security by Mike Hicks,
the cryptography by Jonathan Katz.
And the hardware security, by me.
We will al,
also offer a capsule（压缩的） design course.
The [INAUDIBLE] overall goal of this
specialization is to deliver a broad and
multi-disciplinary perspective（多学科看法/视角） on
the current topic being cyber（计算机网络的） security
to the entire Coursera students.
Cryptography, software, hardware and
usability are four of the most critical（关键的）
components（构成要素） to build any secure systems.
Here is my view of hardware
[INAUDIBLE] in this system.
So first hardware provides the platform（平台）
for the execution（完成） of software,
and an efficient option to
implement（实现） cryptography.
In terms of usability（可用性）, most users
interact（相互作用） with hardware devices and
systems more often that source code, hence（因此）
the underlying（潜在的） mathematical formulas（公式，准则）.
A securer system must have secure,
and a trusted hardware support.
On the other hand, today's hardware
design heavily relies on a set of
specific software tools known as computer
aided design tools, or CAD tools.
The security problems, your hardware and
hardware design also need
both securely sound and
practically usable solutions.
The course is called hardware security, so
we will cover both hardware and
the security.
From the side of hardware,
we will consider（考虑） the design and
fabrication（制造） of integrated（完整的） circuits（电路）,
or chips,
the field programmable gate arrays FPGAs,
and the popular embedded（嵌入式） systems.
On the security side, we will
discuss about the systems security,
vulnerabilities（脆弱点）, threats and
attacks from hardware sites.
We will talk about how to build trusted
and secure hardware components（构成要素）.
We will also talk about the available
hardware security primitives（原始的） to help
people build more secure systems.
[SOUND] The course will last,
say six weeks.
For each week, we expect you to spend
three to five hours to complete the weekly
quiz, watch the video clips, and
also to do some additional readings.
[SOUND] In terms of the background,
it is my intention to make
this course manageable for
anyone who has some background of
computer science or engineering.
You will find,
if you know something about digital logic
desig,n about programming any language,
about the finite（有限的） state machine（这tm是有限状态机？）, which
is a very popular computational（计算的） model,
and some basics of modern cryptography,
this will be very, very helpful.
However, I will cover all
the necessary background to make
the course self-contained.
We, we will also provide links to those
who want to learn more about these topics.
Upon the completion of this course,
you will be able to understand
the vulnerabilities（脆弱点） and the threats to
a system from hardware perspective（视角）.
And you will also know the available
countermeasures（对策） to these threats.
You will be able to perform a security
evaluation（估价） for the hardware
implementations（实现） of cryptography
primitives（原始的） and the security protocols（协议）.
You will also be able to analyze and
assess the tradeoffs（权衡） among system
performance, cost, and security.
In addition, we expect you to
be able to design and build in,
integrated（完整的） circuits（电路） or embedded（嵌入式） systems
with better security and trust.
You'd learn hardware security primitives,
and
how to use them for secure system design.
And finally, you will know how
to use self-protect methods,
such as digital watermark（数字水印）,
fingerprints, and
the integrate circuit metering（完整的电路测量） to protect
your design intellectual properties,
in addition to the patent（专利）,
copyright and other law enforcement.
Good luck on the course and
enjoy learning hardware security.

